hello everyone
TO create this project i have use react router dom for better design i use tailwind css and daisiUi.
.at first i create this project with npx create-react-app w3-school
.then installed all the other necessary libray
.at first i create a layouts folder where main routes are created
.create comoponent folder inside component folder create header component, home,quiz, footer ,error page ,chart,blog
.to route these component i create a utitlities folder where i create routes.js .in this folder all the orutes will be here.
.afted that i crete a loader folder so that i can load data iside the loadData.js file.
.to load data i create context so that i can access the data to all over the component i have.
.so i create context on main.js file and inside this file i have header component and Outlet and footer.this outlet will show my all component inside header and footer.first-letterfirst-line
.after that i call my loader function inside Main component object .in loader function i called my fuction loadData.js
.after that i get this data on main.js .
.in main.js pass the data to inside context value.
.after that i can say i can the data from any where in the contex.
.then i get the data inside home component.
.destructure the data and use it to make card
.i use map function to create multiple card
.then in a card button section pass the id so that specific card id can pass
.then i use params to get the id and fetch the data inside the quiz component .
.then get the data on quiz section
.after that i found tricky data section
.so i have done that section step by step
.fisrt destructure the data and use name
.to get question i have create a map on question
.in quiz section i get option ,correctAnswer and quiz options
.then i use thes data
.i found out that there is another array and there is option
.then agai i create a map on this option and use the data
. after that i have found that i have to create a chart using total data of specific section .the cart have to show the diagram that will show the specific section quiz number
. then i create anoter component that is chart component
.here i get benefit of using context
.i get data to using context function
.then map on the data and create chart
.at the final part is create blog site
.in blog site there is nothing but ui design

thats is thank for reading the file..
